Add photon-mosaic to NIU bio (#45)
neuroinformatics-unit/.github: profile/README.md

The NIU is dedicated to the development of high quality, accurate, robust, easy to use and maintainable open-source software for neuroscience and machine learning. We collaborate with researchers and other software engineers to advance research in the two research centres and make new algorithms and tools available to the global community.

> We also lead development of the [BrainGlobe Initiative](https://github.com/brainglobe), co-lead [photon-mosaic](https://github.com/photon-mosaic) and contribute to various [Sainsbury Wellcome Centre](https://github.com/SainsburyWellcomeCentre) and other open-source tools.

Reviewer: Small (optional) suggestion for alternative phrasing.

```suggestion
We also lead development of the [BrainGlobe Initiative](https://github.com/brainglobe), co-lead [photon-mosaic](https://github.com/photon-mosaic) and contribute to various open-source tools from the [Sainsbury Wellcome Centre](https://github.com/SainsburyWellcomeCentre) and others.
```

Author: I think I prefer the original phrasing. I can't say I have a good justification for why however. I will leave it as it is just so this PR only adds the extra info, we can discuss rephrasing the whole thing later if anyone feels strongly.
